# ALHAMBRA (Advance Large Homogeneous Area Medium Band Redshift Astronomical) survey
These are the routines developed for the data acquisition of the ALHAMBRA-survey astronomical project.

Abstract: The Advance Large Homogeneous Medium Band Astronomical (ALHAMBRA; Moles et al. 2008) survey has observed eight different regions of the sky, including sections of the Cosmic Evolution Survey (COSMOS), DEEP2, European Large-Area Infrared Space Observatory Survey (ELAIS), Great Observatories Origins Deep Survey North (GOODS-N), Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) and Groth fields using a new photometric system with 20 optical, contiguous ∼300-Å filters plus the JHKs bands. The filter system is designed to optimize the effective photometric redshift depth of the survey, while having enough wavelength resolution for the identification of faint emission lines. The observations, carried out with the Calar Alto 3.5-m telescope using the wide-field optical camera Large Area Imager for Calar Alto (LAICA) and the near-infrared (NIR) instrument Omega-2000, represent a total of ∼700 h of on-target science images. The catalogues presented in Molino et al. 2014 are complete down to a magnitude I ∼ 24.5 AB and cover an effective area of 2.79 deg2. The ALHAMBRA Photometric Redshift estimates reach a precision of δz/(1 + zs) = 1% for I<22.5 and δz/(1+zs)=1.4% for 22.5<I<24.5. The global n(z) distribution shows a mean redshift ⟨z⟩ = 0.56 for I < 22.5 AB and ⟨z⟩ = 0.86 for I < 24.5 AB. Given its depth and small cosmic variance, ALHAMBRA is a unique data set for galaxy evolution studies.

http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2008AJ....136.1325M

http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014MNRAS.441.2891M
